You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/higherselfie-wake-up-your-life-free-your-soul-find-your-tribe_957/index.html

title:
 HigherSelfie: Wake Up Your Life. Free Your Soul. Find Your Tribe.

availability:
In stock (17 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Nonfiction

description:
There is a cosmic alarm clock going off around the world!  HigherSelfie s aim is to unite all those waking up spiritually in this digital age. This book is a guide to love, connection, and kickass surrendered action for young people who have at least a toe in the door of spirituality. With a no nonsense approach and full of wit and humor, this book shares age old concepts There is a cosmic alarm clock going off around the world!  HigherSelfie s aim is to unite all those waking up spiritually in this digital age. This book is a guide to love, connection, and kickass surrendered action for young people who have at least a toe in the door of spirituality. With a no nonsense approach and full of wit and humor, this book shares age old concepts in a language that is accessible to the modern spiritual audience. Whether you have just bought a yoga mat or have been meditating for years, this book will offer you guidance and support, whatever stage of the journey you re at. Life coaches Jo Westwood and Lucy Sheridan touch upon timeless topics such as forgiveness, surrender and the ego, as well as subjects specific to the current age, such as using social media in a healthy way, finding a like minded tribe, and following your own spiritual and life paths without comparing yourself to others. Whether you re a Reiki master, climbing the corporate ladder or working in a suburban garden center  HigherSelfie will be the perfect  gateway drug  for those looking for something deeper and more meaningful. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
23.11 Dollars

