You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/10-day-green-smoothie-cleanse-lose-up-to-15-pounds-in-10-days_581/index.html

title:
10 Day Green Smoothie Cleanse: Lose Up to 15 Pounds in 10 Days!

availability:
In stock (10 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Health

description:
The 10 Day Green Smoothie Cleanse will jump start your weight loss, increase your energy level, clear your mind, and improve your overall health. Made up of supernutrients from leafy greens and fruits, green smoothies are filling and healthy and you will enjoy drinking them. Your body will also thank you for drinking them as your health and energy improve to levels you nev The 10 Day Green Smoothie Cleanse will jump start your weight loss, increase your energy level, clear your mind, and improve your overall health. Made up of supernutrients from leafy greens and fruits, green smoothies are filling and healthy and you will enjoy drinking them. Your body will also thank you for drinking them as your health and energy improve to levels you never thought possible. In ten days, you can expect to lose weight, reduce cravings, clear your mind, and improve digestion. It is an experience that could change your life if you stick with it! This book provides a shopping list, recipes, and detailed instructions for the 10 day cleanse, along with suggestions for getting the best results. It also offers advice on how to continue to lose weight and maintain good health afterwards. Are you ready to look slimmer, healthier, and sexier than you have in years? Then get ready to begin the 10 Day Green Smoothie Cleanse! If you successfully complete the 10 Day Green Smoothie Cleanse, you will...   Lose 10 15 pounds in 10 days   Get rid of stubborn body fat, including belly fat   Drop pounds and inches fast, without grueling workouts   Learn to live a healthier lifestyle of detoxing and healthy eating   Help your body naturally crave healthy foods so you never have to diet again   Receive over 100 green smoothie recipes for various health conditions and goals JJ Smith is the author of the  1 national bestseller and USA Today bestseller Lose Weight Without Dieting or Working Out! JJ Smith is a nutritionist and certified weight loss expert who has been featured on The Steve Harvey Show, The Montel Williams Show, and The Jamie Foxx Show and on the NBC, FOX, and CW Network television stations, as well as in the pages of Glamour, Essence, and Ladies Home Journal. Since reclaiming her health, losing weight, and discovering a  second youth  in her forties, JJ has become the voice of inspiration to those who want to lose weight, be healthy, and get their sexy back! ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
49.71 Dollars

