You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/a-shard-of-ice-the-black-symphony-saga-1_558/index.html

title:
A Shard of Ice (The Black Symphony Saga  1)

availability:
In stock (9 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Fantasy

description:
THEIR SOULS, REAWAKENED.When 13 year old Lilix Morgan is found alive and floating on a bed of ice at sea, everyone counts it a miracle. Kidnapped nearly four weeks earlier, she remembers nothing of her mysterious abduction. When she tries to remember what happened, she hears only a melody   a faint and delicate set of notes, strung together in a tune she doesn t understand THEIR SOULS, REAWAKENED.When 13 year old Lilix Morgan is found alive and floating on a bed of ice at sea, everyone counts it a miracle. Kidnapped nearly four weeks earlier, she remembers nothing of her mysterious abduction. When she tries to remember what happened, she hears only a melody   a faint and delicate set of notes, strung together in a tune she doesn t understand. THEIR POWER, UNMATCHED.A year later and desperate to put the lingering nightmares of her past behind her, Lilix crosses the country to enroll at Baelmorte Academy, aiming to become the violinist she once dreamt of. Things seem to be finally going well, and Lilix settles into a routine of sheet music and inspiration among new friends.Then the dreams start. The melody and night terrors she thought she d left behind return with a vengeance, threatening to ruin her fragile version of normalcy. Then an unlikely ally tells her that she isn t alone. That there are others just like her, fighting to hide their own shocking truths from coming to light. That they know who she is, and what she s been through. Now, accompanied by four other girls, Lilix discovers her nightmares are larger than a single trauma; they re a window to a hidden part of her soul, a place of immense power with a destiny that cannot be ignored. THEIR BATTLE, IS ONLY BEGINNING.With this knowledge comes a new and frightening reality. For Lilix has been reawakened to stop an age old enemy, one thought to have been destroyed centuries ago. Trapped by her destiny, Lilix is torn between what feels right and what she remembers. Her memories tell her of a star crossed love waiting to be reunited, of friendships and trust broken in the past. But can she save that love when reality brings her an enemy, and an evil that will be the undoing of them all if they don t destroy it? ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
56.63 Dollars

