You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/aladdin-and-his-wonderful-lamp_973/index.html

title:
Aladdin and His Wonderful Lamp

availability:
In stock (19 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Default

description:
Planning on seeing Aladdin the Disney musical? Read the classic story of  Aladdin and his Wonderful Lamp  in this sparkling new edition by Harpendore. Synopsis: Aladdin is a poor boy who lives with his mother in the ancient kingdom of Cathay. One day a strange man appears offering untold riches! Aladdin is not so sure, yet he s sorely tempted. Join Aladdin on his incredib Planning on seeing Aladdin the Disney musical? Read the classic story of  Aladdin and his Wonderful Lamp  in this sparkling new edition by Harpendore. Synopsis: Aladdin is a poor boy who lives with his mother in the ancient kingdom of Cathay. One day a strange man appears offering untold riches! Aladdin is not so sure, yet he s sorely tempted. Join Aladdin on his incredible adventures and visit the cave of treasures. A world of magic awaits you, but watch your step   there s mischief lurking at every turn! The Arabian Nights (also known as The One Thousand and One Nights) is an ancient collection of tales that have existed for thousands of years. Harpendore s Arabian Nights Adventures are beautifully retold versions of these ancient classics that are specially designed to appeal to children aged seven years and above. They are written in a warm and accessible style and include wonderful illustrations inside. With mischief and magic in equal measure, this series is sure to captivate readers everywhere. The Arabian Nights Adventures series is being released throughout 2016 and 2017. Stories to be included are: The Adventures of Prince Camar   Princess Badoura Aladdin and his Wonderful Lamp Gulnare of the Sea Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves The Seven Voyages of Sinbad the Sailor The Enchanted Horse The Talking Bird, the Singing Tree and the Golden Water The Merchant and the Genie The Tale of Zubaidah and the Three Qalandars The Adventures of Harun al Rashid, Caliph of Baghdad The Three Princes, the Princess and the Jinni Pari Banou The Fisherman and the Genie The King s Jester (also known as The Little Hunchback) ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
53.13 Dollars

