You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/amy-meets-the-saints-and-sages_789/index.html

title:
Amy Meets the Saints and Sages

availability:
In stock (15 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Default

description:
All major religions have saints and sages that are pinnacles of love and integrity. Wouldn t your child benefit from having them as role models? Wouldn t it empower your child to know that these saints/sages are real people, some of whom are living right now?In  Amy Meets the Saints and Sages, A Young Person s Adventures in Spirituality  your child gets to meet six saints/ All major religions have saints and sages that are pinnacles of love and integrity. Wouldn t your child benefit from having them as role models? Wouldn t it empower your child to know that these saints/sages are real people, some of whom are living right now?In  Amy Meets the Saints and Sages, A Young Person s Adventures in Spirituality  your child gets to meet six saints/sages from six different traditions: Islam, Catholicism, Judaism, Native American, Tibetan Buddhism, and Hinduism. Three of the saints/sages are women; three are men. Three are still with us; three have passed on. Your child is introduced to these saints/sages first through a brief but reverent biography. Then second, your child gets to know the saint/sage better through a concrete story. Children love stories and they have a way of sticking to a child for years. And finally, let s make it personal by having the saint/sage and a young person, about your child s age, fictionally interact around the story. It s all fun and engaging for both child and adults.It s for children age 7 12 and is fully illustrated. There is never any attempt to have your child join anything.And, as your child comes to appreciate various religions, a bit more religious tolerance is gained. With that gain a bit more peace has come forth.Find out more at http://www.mychildsprayers.com/amy me... ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
18.46 Dollars

