You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/art-ops-vol-1_664/index.html

title:
Art Ops Vol. 1

availability:
In stock (14 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Sequential Art

description:
Reggie Riot is no one s idea of a cultural savior. The latchkey child of a busy single mother, he s grown up to be a resentful slacker whose idea of high culture is getting stoned and admiring the graffiti in the alley where he scores his weed. His mother, however, is not your average working parent. She s the head of a secret organization called Art Ops, whose mission i Reggie Riot is no one s idea of a cultural savior. The latchkey child of a busy single mother, he s grown up to be a resentful slacker whose idea of high culture is getting stoned and admiring the graffiti in the alley where he scores his weed.   His mother, however, is not your average working parent. She s the head of a secret organization called Art Ops, whose mission is protecting the artistic treasures of the world  which have a lot more life in them than a casual observer might realize.   Reggie has always shunned his mom s high culture scene, but a devastating encounter with the shadowy forces menacing the world s masterpieces has left him with a permanent expression of the chaotic power of art flowing through his very veins.   So when Art Ops itself suddenly vanishes without a trace, leaving its final rescue  La Gioconda, the Mona Lisa herself  out in the cold, it s up to Reggie and his motley crew  including a masked super powered operative who writes sitcom scripts on spec, a girls just wanna have fun  80s music video icon, and a suburban clerk from a mall punk clothing chain  to come to the rescue.   But do they have what it takes to stand up to the dark side of human creativity?   From writer Shaun Simon (co author of The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys with My Chemical Romance s Gerard Way) and artists Michael Allred (co creator of iZOMBIE) and Matt Brundage (The Spirit: The New Adventures) comes ART OPS VOL. 1: HOW TO START A RIOT, collecting issues  1 5 of the ongoing VERTIGO series and featuring a special sketchbook section from Allred and Brundage. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
48.80 Dollars

