You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/art-and-fear-observations-on-the-perils-and-rewards-of-artmaking_559/index.html

title:
Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking

availability:
In stock (9 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
80/100

category:
Art

description:
 This is a book about making art. Ordinary art. Ordinary art means something like: all art not made by Mozart. After all, art is rarely made by Mozart like people; essentially  statistically speaking  there aren t any people like that. Geniuses get made once a century or so, yet good art gets made all the time, so to equate the making of art with the workings of genius remov  This is a book about making art. Ordinary art. Ordinary art means something like: all art not made by Mozart. After all, art is rarely made by Mozart like people; essentially  statistically speaking  there aren t any people like that. Geniuses get made once a century or so, yet good art gets made all the time, so to equate the making of art with the workings of genius removes this intimately human activity to a strangely unreachable and unknowable place. For all practical purposes making art can be examined in great detail without ever getting entangled in the very remote problems of genius.    from the IntroductionArt   Fear explores the way art gets made, the reasons it often doesn t get made, and the nature of the difficulties that cause so many artists to give up along the way. The book s co authors, David Bayles and Ted Orland, are themselves both working artists, grappling daily with the problems of making art in the real world. Their insights and observations, drawn from personal experience, provide an incisive view into the world of art as it is expeienced by artmakers themselves.This is not your typical self help book. This is a book written by artists, for artists     it s about what it feels like when artists sit down at their easel or keyboard, in their studio or performance space, trying to do the work they need to do. First published in 1994, Art   Fear quickly became an underground classic. Word of mouth response alone  now enhanced by internet posting  has placed it among the best selling books on artmaking and creativity nationally.Art   Fear has attracted a remarkably diverse audience, ranging from beginning to accomplished artists in every medium, and including an exceptional concentration among students and teachers. The original Capra Press edition of Art   Fear sold 80,000 copies.An excerpt:Today, more than it was however many years ago, art is hard because you have to keep after it so consistently. On so many different fronts. For so little external reward. Artists become veteran artists only by making peace not just with themselves, but with a huge range of issues. You have to find your work... ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
48.63 Dollars

