You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/born-for-this-how-to-find-the-work-you-were-meant-to-do_588/index.html

title:
Born for This: How to Find the Work You Were Meant to Do

availability:
In stock (11 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Business

description:
To the outside observer, it seems like they ve won the career lottery  that by some stroke of luck or circumstance, they ve found the one thing they love so much that it doesn t even feel like work, and they re getting paid well to do it. In reality, their good fortune has nothing to do with chance. There s a method for finding your perfect job, and Chris Guillebeau, the be To the outside observer, it seems like they ve won the career lottery  that by some stroke of luck or circumstance, they ve found the one thing they love so much that it doesn t even feel like work, and they re getting paid well to do it. In reality, their good fortune has nothing to do with chance. There s a method for finding your perfect job, and Chris Guillebeau, the bestselling author of The  100 Startup, has created a practical guide for how to do it  whethe rwithin a traditional company or business, or by striking out on your own. Finding the work you were  born to do  isn t just about discovering your passion. Doing what brings you joy is great, but if you aren t earning a living, it s a hobby, not a career. And those who jump out of bed excited to go to work every morning don t just have jobs that turn their passions into paychecks. They have jobs where they also can lose themselves for hours in the flow of meaningful work. This intersection of joy, money, and flow is what Guillebeau will help you find in this book. Through inspiring stories of those who have successfully landed their dream career, as well as actionable tools, exercises, and thought experiments, he ll guide you through today s vast menu of career options to discover the work perfectly suited to your unique interests, skills, and experiences.You ll learn how to:  Hack the job of your dreams within a traditional organization by making it work for you  Find not only your ideal work but also your ideal working conditions  Create plans that will allow you to take smarter career risks and  beat the house  every time  Start a profitable  side hustle  and earn extra cash on top of your primary stream of income  Escape the prison of working for someone else and build a mini empire as an entrepreneur  Become a rock star at any creative endeavor by creating a loyal base of fans and followersWhichever path you choose, this book will show you how to find that one job or career that feels so right, it s like you were born to do it. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
21.59 Dollars

