You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/charitys-cross-charles-towne-belles-4_12/index.html

title:
Charity s Cross (Charles Towne Belles  4)

availability:
In stock (1 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
20/100

category:
Romance

description:
From the Winner of 2015 s Inspirational Readers Choice Award for The Ransom comes a new romantic adventure ! Suspected of killing her husband, Charity Westcott flees on the first ship out of Portsmouth, England heading for the colonies. Loathing all men after her abusive marriage, she hopes to reunite with her family in Charles Towne, but the ship s destination is Nassau. From the Winner of 2015 s Inspirational Readers Choice Award for The Ransom comes a new romantic adventure ! Suspected of killing her husband, Charity Westcott flees on the first ship out of Portsmouth, England heading for the colonies. Loathing all men after her abusive marriage, she hopes to reunite with her family in Charles Towne, but the ship s destination is Nassau. When she spots her husband s brother, who is intent on seeing her hang, boarding her ship, she jumps overboard. Elias Dutton, missionary and son of the famous pirate, Rowan Dutton, must get to Barbados as soon as possible. His sister is in danger, and his parents have charged him with her safety. He cannot let them down  again. But after rescuing a madcap woman from the bay, he now finds himself tricked into masquerading as her husband so they both can procure passage to Barbados. Pirates, storms, shipwreck and betrayal threaten to delay the couple in their journey even as sparks fly between them. With her brother in law in fast pursuit, the last thing Charity wants is help from a man, especially a religious one, but she has no choice. After Elias  heart was broken by a sordid woman who nearly ruined his life, he seeks a godly woman pure as the virgin sands of the Caribbean. He believes he has found such a woman in Charity. Until he discovers she is a murderer and is now faced with two choices: letting her go or turning her in to the authorities. Amazon Categories  Pirate Romance  Inspirational Romance  Time Travel Romance  Historical Romance  Romantic Suspense  Christian Romance  Clean Pirate Romance ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
41.24 Dollars

