You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/chasing-heaven-what-dying-taught-me-about-living_797/index.html

title:
Chasing Heaven: What Dying Taught Me About Living

availability:
In stock (15 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
40/100

category:
Spirituality

description:
From the author of the New York Times bestseller, Waking Up in Heaven, comes an extraordinary story about Crystal McVea s personal transformation after visiting heaven and how readers can experience heaven themselves  and live a more meaningful life.On December 10, 2009, Crystal McVea was being treated in a hospital for pancreatitis. Her heart stopped pumping for nine minut From the author of the New York Times bestseller, Waking Up in Heaven, comes an extraordinary story about Crystal McVea s personal transformation after visiting heaven and how readers can experience heaven themselves  and live a more meaningful life.On December 10, 2009, Crystal McVea was being treated in a hospital for pancreatitis. Her heart stopped pumping for nine minutes before doctors managed to revive her. In those nine minutes, she went to heaven, stood with God, and was forever changed.Ever since Crystal s incredible experience, her life has been profoundly different. She has become a brand new person in every conceivable way  heart, mind, soul, and spirit. By dying, Crystal learned how to live. Crystal realized that heaven is real and our true home, but we are still meant to have meaningful lives full of passion and purpose right here on earth. She believes we have to chase heaven while we are still alive and allow God to turn our lukewarm love into a firestorm of faith. Chasing Heaven is the story of how God called to Crystal, what He told her, and how she found a way to get closer to Him again here on earth.Crystal assures us that we don t have to die and go to heaven in order to ignite our faith. We also don t have to abandon the lives we have in order to experience God and heaven. Chasing Heaven is about following the path to the Lord, and discovering your spiritual destiny.The journey that followed Crystal s time in heaven has been difficult, complicated, and surprising  full of twists and turns, setbacks and triumphs, drama and comedy, and everything that makes life so messy and beautiful. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
37.80 Dollars

