url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/codename-baboushka-volume-1-the-conclave-of-death_887/index.html

title:
Codename Baboushka, Volume 1: The Conclave of Death

availability:
In stock (16 available)

book_rating:
80/100

category:
Sequential Art

description:
"What if the sexy Russian femme fatale was actually the main character?" Mysterious young heiress Contessa Annika Malikova has been part of Manhattan high society for several years... but if they knew the truth, her dinner companions would faint! The white-haired Contessa is in fact the notorious criminal "BABOUSHKA" -- a former Moscow gang leader, now living in exile! But "What if the sexy Russian femme fatale was actually the main character?" Mysterious young heiress Contessa Annika Malikova has been part of Manhattan high society for several years... but if they knew the truth, her dinner companions would faint! The white-haired Contessa is in fact the notorious criminal "BABOUSHKA" -- a former Moscow gang leader, now living in exile! But Baboushka's retirement is about to be shattered, as the US government has somehow discovered her true identity, and blackmails her into working for them! Now she must infiltrate a secret conclave of global crime lords, on a cruise liner, to retrieve information for the Americans. But nobody reckoned on the boat being hijacked by pirates... Suitable for teens and up, CODENAME BABOUSHKA is an action-packed modern pulp spy thriller from writer ANTONY JOHNSTON (THE FUSE, THE COLDEST CITY, ALEX RIDER) and artist SHARI CHANKHAMMA (THE FUSE, SHELTERED, KILL SHAKESPEARE), filled with glamour, guns, exotic locations, guns, explosions, high-kicks, and did we mention guns? "An ass-kicking spy heroine who will appeal to fans of Marvel's Black Widow."- The AV Club "There are literally six different amazing comics all within this one series"- Comics Alliance "Codename Baboushka takes a more female-positive look at the James Bond-esque role. Fun, fast-paced action. Female assassin done right!"- Dark Side Comics "Johnston's exiled Russian heiress, former organized crime lord and deadly agent bursts out of the page and grabs the reader with both hands in a deadly grip of hot action and cold-hearted kills."- Jersey Journal THE CONCLAVE OF DEATH collects Baboushka's first 5-issue mission -- watch out for her next assignment, GHOST STATION ZERO, in 2016! "Antony Johnston is an award-winning, New York Times bestselling author of graphic novels, video games, and books. His graphic novel THE COLDEST CITY is being adapted into a film starring Charlize Theron. His epic series WASTELAND is one of only a handful of such longform comic stories in the medium. His first video game, DEAD SPACE, redefined the survival horror genre. ...more

price:
36.72 Dollars

