url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/daily-fantasy-sports_683/index.html

title:
Daily Fantasy Sports

availability:
In stock (14 available)

book_rating:
20/100

category:
Default

description:
The businesses of the Fantasy Sports Trade Association have helped propel one of America’s most beloved pastimes into a 26 billion dollar industry. The advent of daily fantasy sports has created thousands of jobs, raised millions in tax dollars, and has given consumers endless ways to play fantasy sports. Unfortunately, all that may be coming to an end if the government an The businesses of the Fantasy Sports Trade Association have helped propel one of America’s most beloved pastimes into a 26 billion dollar industry. The advent of daily fantasy sports has created thousands of jobs, raised millions in tax dollars, and has given consumers endless ways to play fantasy sports. Unfortunately, all that may be coming to an end if the government and special interest groups have their way. Daily Fantasy Sports, the book, explores the impact of fantasy sports in America today. Take a stroll in fantasyland and discover everything there is to know about daily fantasy sports. Learn about the legal challenges, how we got in this mess, and what choices the industry now faces in order to save fantasy sports. The author helps you connect the dots, all while keeping you entertained with thoughtful quotes, tips on how to play, and more. Chapters include: Chapter 1 - "It's a Game of Skill" - explore how daily fantasy games are truly are a game of skill. Chapter 2 - "Las Vegas & The Silver Bullet" - see how Vegas is responsible for the legal mess. Chapter 3 - "The Sharks & Players" - numbers, demographics, and the shark problem. Chapter 4 - "It's the Economy Stupid" - how the government can't get out of its own way. Chapter 5 - "The Technology Cat Mouse Game" - predictions about the future and how DFS will evolve. Chapter 6 - "The Types of Daily Fantasy Games" - learn about all the different gameplay styles. Chapter 7 - "How to be Good at Fantasy Sports" - tips, insight, and advice on how to up your game. Chapter 8 - "Behind the Scenes Magic" - explore the businesses that make fantasy sports what it is today. Chapter 9 - "Thoughts from the Industry" - see what industry insiders have to say about fantasy sports. Chapter 10 - "Freedom with Responsibility" - why free market principals are all we need. Chapter 11 - "Keep Fighting the Good Fight" - what we can do to combat the downfall of DFS. The author's collective knowledge of the fantasy sports industry is virtually unparalleled, giving readers an in depth look at daily fantasy sports they won't find anywhere else. His involvement with a variety of industry operators, attorneys, and FSTA businesses places him in a net neutral position that allows readers to see the industry for what it really is. Fantasy sports players and industry insiders alike have sang high praises about this one of a kind book on daily fantasy sports. ...more

price:
36.58 Dollars

