You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/deliciously-ella-every-day-quick-and-easy-recipes-for-gluten-free-snacks-packed-lunches-and-simple-meals_801/index.html

title:
Deliciously Ella Every Day: Quick and Easy Recipes for Gluten Free Snacks, Packed Lunches, and Simple Meals

availability:
In stock (15 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Food and Drink

description:
Delicious plant based, gluten free recipes and lifestyle tips for packed lunches, snacks, and simple meals that are easy and accessible to everyone  from the author of the international bestseller Deliciously Ella.It s easy to be healthy until you get hungry. Making healthy eating sustainable is about two things. One: it s got to be doable in the context of a time starved l Delicious plant based, gluten free recipes and lifestyle tips for packed lunches, snacks, and simple meals that are easy and accessible to everyone  from the author of the international bestseller Deliciously Ella.It s easy to be healthy until you get hungry. Making healthy eating sustainable is about two things. One: it s got to be doable in the context of a time starved life. Two: it s got to be delicious. Ella Woodward s newest cookbook Deliciously Ella Every Day offers fantastically appealing and quick recipes for breakfasts, packed lunches, snacks on the go, and stress free meals.The book is packed with more than 100 simple yet irresistible plant based, dairy free, and gluten free recipes. Be inspired by Ella s quick weekday dinners, amazingly colorful salads, and incredible ideas for meals and snacks on the go. Favorites include the insanely delicious roasted cinnamon and maple trail mix, a super rich chocolate ganache cake, a lovely roasted potato, hazelnut and pomegranate salad with a maple dressing. The book includes a section of big batch cooking, recipes that can be made on the weekend so you can pack satisfying lunches or prepare quick, easy dinners during the week  a lovely cauliflower pizza or a stunning mushroom risotto.Featuring the top ten rules for living the Deliciously Ella way, tips for eating well without breaking the bank, and shopping lists to help you get organized, this is the cookbook you ve been waiting for. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
42.16 Dollars

