url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/eaternity-more-than-150-deliciously-easy-vegan-recipes-for-a-long-healthy-satisfied-joyful-life_689/index.html

title:
Eaternity: More than 150 Deliciously Easy Vegan Recipes for a Long, Healthy, Satisfied, Joyful Life

availability:
In stock (14 available)

book_rating:
100/100

category:
Nonfiction

description:
Vegan chef and wellness expert Jason Wrobel offers up a comprehensive recipe and lifestyle book with practical tips for creating drool-worthy dishes with specific nutritional benefits. While at its core Eaternity is a cookbook, it’s so much more than that. In it, Jason explains which foods contain active ingredients to support health and longevity. Now, you might be thinki Vegan chef and wellness expert Jason Wrobel offers up a comprehensive recipe and lifestyle book with practical tips for creating drool-worthy dishes with specific nutritional benefits. While at its core Eaternity is a cookbook, it’s so much more than that. In it, Jason explains which foods contain active ingredients to support health and longevity. Now, you might be thinking, “What’s the big deal about living a long time?” Well, if you’re having a pretty good time here on planet Earth, wouldn’t you want to stick around as long as possible to enjoy it? And wouldn’t you want to feel great the entire time?  Unlike most cookbooks that merely tell you what to eat and how to make it, Eaternity gives you the current research and science behind common public health concerns, and explains why you should eat certain foods based on your individual goals—whether it’s to lose weight, have more energy, sleep sounder, feel stronger, or get your libido running (ooh, la la!).Eaternity has 150+ nutritious yet delicious meat-free recipes that will satisfy all of your insane comfort-food cravings, because let’s face it—not everyone is ready for wheatgrass shots, seaweed salads, and buckwheat granola! It features such fan favorites as Chocolate Avocado Jungle Peanut Pudding, Superfood Caesar Salad, Coconut Milk Asparagus Risotto, Spicy Sweet Potato Tortilla Soup, and—wait for it—Salted Caramel Waffles. One bite and you’ll be obsessed, Jess. With a refreshingly light, no-pressure vibe, wicked humor, and stunning food photography, Eaternity makes it easy to get on board and feel friggin’ awesome! It’s Nutrition 101 meets jaw-dropping food porn, taught by a comedian in a chef’s coat. Boom! ...more

price:
51.75 Dollars

