You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/fighting-fate-fighting-6_18/index.html

title:
Fighting Fate (Fighting  6)

availability:
In stock (1 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Romance

description:
   BONUS CONTENT: The first two chapters of JB Salsbury s stand alone novel SPLIT included!Axelle s broken.I live to hold her together.Killian McCreery only has two dreams . . .Fight for the UFL.And Axelle.He s watched her give her time and her body to men who don t deserve to breathe her air. He s waited, worked hard to become the kind of man she deserves, hoping one day,    BONUS CONTENT: The first two chapters of JB Salsbury s stand alone novel SPLIT included!Axelle s broken.I live to hold her together.Killian McCreery only has two dreams . . .Fight for the UFL.And Axelle.He s watched her give her time and her body to men who don t deserve to breathe her air. He s waited, worked hard to become the kind of man she deserves, hoping one day, when the time is right, he d get the opportunity to make her happy. After a painful anniversary, he finally gets his chance.But life has a way of sucker punching its victims  striking when they least expect it in the most devastating ways.Killian loves me.But I screwed up. Big time.Axelle Daniels appears to be the typical college student  parties, hangovers, and men. No one knows that inside she s a mess, and no amount of booze or meaningless relationships have managed to fill the cracks in her heart. But Killian knows. He s been there since the night it all began and has never left her side.When she wakes up one morning to find the consequences of her actions have caught up to her, even Killian s white knighthood can t save her now.Fate is put to the test when, for the first time in their five year friendship, they no longer have each other to lean on. When he becomes a UFL superstar, she hardly recognizes the man he used to be. And she no longer needs him to hold her together.With the foundation of their friendship gone, they ll discover that even a love that is meant to be needs to be fought for and destiny is a choice. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
39.24 Dollars

