You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/find-her-detective-dd-warren-8_373/index.html

title:
Find Her (Detective D.D. Warren  8)

availability:
In stock (5 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
20/100

category:
Add a comment

description:
Flora Dane is a victim. Seven years ago, carefree college student Flora was kidnapped while on spring break. For 472 days, Flora learned just how much one person can endure.Flora Dane is a survivor. Miraculously alive after her ordeal, Flora has spent the past five years reacquainting herself with the rhythms of normal life, working with her FBI victim advocate, Samuel Ke Flora Dane is a victim. Seven years ago, carefree college student Flora was kidnapped while on spring break. For 472 days, Flora learned just how much one person can endure.Flora Dane is a survivor. Miraculously alive after her ordeal, Flora has spent the past five years reacquainting herself with the rhythms of normal life, working with her FBI victim advocate, Samuel Keynes. She has a mother who s never stopped loving her, a brother who is scared of the person she s become, and a bedroom wall covered with photos of other girls who ve never made it home.Flora Dane is reckless. . . . or is she? When Boston detective D. D. Warren is called to the scene of a crime  a dead man and the bound, naked woman who killed him  she learns that Flora has tangled with three other suspects since her return to society. Is Flora a victim or a vigilante? And with her firsthand knowledge of criminal behavior, could she hold the key to rescuing a missing college student whose abduction has rocked Boston? When Flora herself disappears, D.D. realizes a far more sinister predator is out there. One who s determined that this time, Flora Dane will never escape. And now it is all up to D. D. Warren to find her. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
22.37 Dollars

