url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/first-steps-for-new-christians-print-edition_808/index.html

title:
First Steps for New Christians (Print Edition)

availability:
In stock (15 available)

book_rating:
20/100

category:
Default

description:
Our enemy, the devil, prowls around like a lion. (1 Peter 5:8) All he wants to do is steal, kill and destroy (John 10:10). And much like the pattern we find in the wild, the ancient serpent will stalk the youngest of the flock because they’re the easiest target. So I’m writing these short readings to encourage new Christians during the most vulnerable part of their journey Our enemy, the devil, prowls around like a lion. (1 Peter 5:8) All he wants to do is steal, kill and destroy (John 10:10). And much like the pattern we find in the wild, the ancient serpent will stalk the youngest of the flock because they’re the easiest target. So I’m writing these short readings to encourage new Christians during the most vulnerable part of their journey.I want to remind new followers of the “Way” that the Christian life is best lived in community with others who are striving to follow Jesus. One of our first responsibilities as a new Christian is to spend as much time as possible with others who are being real with their faith. Just as a soldier would never go into battle alone and unarmed, we must remember that though our struggle is not against flesh and blood (Ephesians 6:12), it’s still a battle. It’s important to make sure we have other soldiers around us and we are armed with the Sword of the Spirit. (Ephesians 6:17 & Hebrews 4:12)One thing that the enemy will try to do is make you doubt your salvation. The last thing he needs is one more person confident in their relationship with Jesus Christ. As you read through these short devotions hold on to this truth: Salvation was yours the moment you acknowledged your need for a Savior (Romans 3:10-12), repented of your sins (Acts 3:19) and confessed Jesus Christ as your Lord. (Romans 10:9-10) Hopefully, you’ll find other truths to hang on to as you move through the pages of this book.So hold on to what you have (Revelation 3:11), hang tight with your “platoon” (Hebrews 10:24-25) and use the Sword (Hebrews 4:12 & Ephesians 6:17) you’ll find in the following pages for your weapon as the words that accompany the Scripture give you encouragement to stay the course. ...more

price:
29.00 Dollars

