You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/forever-and-forever-the-courtship-of-henry-longfellow-and-fanny-appleton_894/index.html

title:
Forever and Forever: The Courtship of Henry Longfellow and Fanny Appleton

availability:
In stock (16 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Historical Fiction

description:
A Proper Historical Romance seriesThe first book in a new series which will focus on the lives of real historical figures who have intriguing stories of courtship that are recreated in fictionalized accounts based on real biographical and social history research. A well researched, emotionally charged tale. A love story...fit for the ages.   Publishers Weekly.It s 1836, an A Proper Historical Romance seriesThe first book in a new series which will focus on the lives of real historical figures who have intriguing stories of courtship that are recreated in fictionalized accounts based on real biographical and social history research. A well researched, emotionally charged tale. A love story...fit for the ages.   Publishers Weekly.It s 1836, and nineteen year old Fanny Appleton, a privileged daughter of a wealthy, upper class Boston industrialist, is touring Europe with her family. Like many girls of her day, she enjoys the fine clothes, food, and company of the elite social circles. But unlike her peers, Fanny is also drawn to education, literature, and more intellectual pursuits.Published author and poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow is also touring Europe, but under much different circumstances. Widowed while on tour, he has stayed in order to gather credentials that he hopes will secure his professorship at Harvard College. When Henry meets Fanny, he sees in her a kindred spirit, a lover of language and literature and high ideals. He is in love. Fanny, however, is uncertain. He is ten years older than she is, and from a much lower social class. How could such a relationship ever thrive?Could a book of Henry s poetry, personally delivered, persuade Fanny to believe in a love that lasts forever and forever? ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
29.69 Dollars

