url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/heaven-is-for-real-a-little-boys-astounding-story-of-his-trip-to-heaven-and-back_520/index.html

title:
Heaven is for Real: A Little Boy's Astounding Story of His Trip to Heaven and Back

availability:
In stock (8 available)

book_rating:
40/100

category:
Default

description:
A beautifully written glimpse into heaven that will encourage those who doubtand thrill those who believe.Ron Hall, coauthor of Same Kind of Different as MeDo you remember the hospital, Colton? Sonja said. Yes, mommy, I remember, he said. That s where theangels sang to me.When Colton Burpo made it through an emergency appendectomy, his familywas overjoyed at his miraculous A beautifully written glimpse into heaven that will encourage those who doubtand thrill those who believe.Ron Hall, coauthor of Same Kind of Different as MeDo you remember the hospital, Colton? Sonja said. Yes, mommy, I remember, he said. That s where theangels sang to me.When Colton Burpo made it through an emergency appendectomy, his familywas overjoyed at his miraculous survival. What they weren t expecting, though, was the story that emerged in the months that followed a story as beautiful as itwas extraordinary, detailing their little boy s trip to heaven and back.Colton, not yet four years old, told his parents he left his body during thesurgery and authenticated that claim by describing exactly what his parents weredoing in another part of the hospital while he was being operated on. He talked ofvisiting heaven and relayed stories told to him by people he met there whom hehad never met in life, sharing events that happened even before he was born. He also astonished his parents with descriptions and obscure details about heaven thatmatched the Bible exactly, though he had not yet learned to read.With disarming innocence and the plainspoken boldness of a child, Colton tells of meeting long-departed family members. He describes Jesus, the angels, how really, really big God is, and how much God loves us. Retold by his father, but using Colton s uniquely simple words, Heaven Is for Real offers a glimpseof the world that awaits us, where as Colton says, Nobody is old and nobodywears glasses.Heaven Is for Real will forever change the way you think of eternity, offeringthe chance to see, and believe, like a child." ...more

price:
52.86 Dollars

