You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/house-of-lost-worlds-dinosaurs-dynasties-and-the-story-of-life-on-earth_170/index.html

title:
House of Lost Worlds: Dinosaurs, Dynasties, and the Story of Life on Earth

availability:
In stock (3 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
40/100

category:
History

description:
This fascinating book tells the story of how one museum changed ideas about dinosaurs, dynasties, and even the story of life on earth. The Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History, now celebrating its 150th anniversary, has remade the way we see the world. Delving into the museum s storied and colorful past, award winning author Richard Conniff introduces a cast of bold expl This fascinating book tells the story of how one museum changed ideas about dinosaurs, dynasties, and even the story of life on earth. The Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History, now celebrating its 150th anniversary, has remade the way we see the world. Delving into the museum s storied and colorful past, award winning author Richard Conniff introduces a cast of bold explorers, roughneck bone hunters, and visionary scientists. Some became famous for wresting Brontosaurus, Triceratops, and other dinosaurs from the earth, others pioneered the introduction of science education in North America, and still others rediscovered the long buried glory of Machu Picchu.   In this lively tale of events, achievements, and scandals from throughout the museum s history. Readers will encounter renowned paleontologist O. C. Marsh who engaged in ferocious combat with his  Bone Wars  rival Edward Drinker Cope, as well as dozens of other intriguing characters. Nearly 100 color images portray important figures in the Peabody s history and special objects from the museum s 13 million item collections. For anyone with an interest in exploring, understanding, and protecting the natural world, this book will deliver abundant delights. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
43.70 Dollars

