You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/its-never-too-late-to-begin-again-discovering-creativity-and-meaning-at-midlife-and-beyond_179/index.html

title:
It s Never Too Late to Begin Again: Discovering Creativity and Meaning at Midlife and Beyond

availability:
In stock (3 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
20/100

category:
Nonfiction

description:
 The book you hold in your hands is the distillate of a quarter century s teaching. It is my attempt to answer,  What next?  for students who are embarking on their  second act.    Julia Cameron Julia Cameron has inspired millions with her bestseller on creativity,The Artist s Way. InIt s Never Too Late To Begin Again,she turns her eye to a segment of the population that,  The book you hold in your hands is the distillate of a quarter century s teaching. It is my attempt to answer,  What next?  for students who are embarking on their  second act.    Julia Cameron   Julia Cameron has inspired millions with her bestseller on creativity, The Artist s Way. In It s Never Too Late To Begin Again, she turns her eye to a segment of the population that, ironically, while they have more time to be creative, are often reluctant or intimidated by the creative process. Cameron shows readers that retirement can, in fact, be the most rich, fulfilling, and creative time of their lives. When someone retires, the newfound freedom can be quite exciting, but also daunting. The life that someone had has changed, and the life to come is yet to be defined. In this book, Cameron shows readers how cultivating their creative selves can help them navigate this new terrain. She tells the inspiring stories of retirees who discovered new artistic pursuits and passions that more than filled their days  they nurtured their souls.   A twelve week course aimed at defining  and creating  the life you want to have as you redefine  and re create  yourself, this book includes simple tools that will guide and inspire you to make the most of this time in your life:    Memoir writing offers an opportunity to reflect on  and honor  past experience. This book guides you through the daunting task of writing an entire memoir, breaking it down into manageable pieces.     Morning Pages  private, stream of consciousness writing done daily  allow you to express wishes, fears, delights, resentments, and joys, which in turn, provide focus and clarity for the day at hand.    Artist Dates encourage fun and spontaneity.    Solo Walks quell anxiety and clear the mind.This fun, gentle, step by step process will help you explore your creative dreams, wishes, and desires  and help you quickly find that it s never too late to begin again. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
42.38 Dollars

