You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/keep-me-posted_594/index.html

title:
Keep Me Posted

availability:
In stock (11 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
80/100

category:
Womens Fiction

description:
Two sisters share the surprising highs and cringe worthy lows of social media fame, when their most private thoughts become incredibly public in this fresh and funny debut novel. Sisters Cassie and Sid Sunday have not done a bang up job of keeping in touch. In their defense, it hasn t been easy: life veered in sharply different directions for the once close sisters. Today, Two sisters share the surprising highs and cringe worthy lows of social media fame, when their most private thoughts become incredibly public in this fresh and funny debut novel. Sisters Cassie and Sid Sunday have not done a bang up job of keeping in touch. In their defense, it hasn t been easy: life veered in sharply different directions for the once close sisters. Today, beautiful and big hearted Sid lives an expat s life of leisure in far off Singapore, while harried, iPhone clutching Cassie can t seem to make it work as a wife and a mom to twin toddlers in Manhattan.   It doesn t help that Sid spurns all social media while Cassie is addicted to Facebook. So when Sid issues a challenge to reconnect the old fashioned way  through real, handwritten letters  Cassie figures, why not?   The experiment exceeds both of their expectations, and the letters become a kind of mutual confessional that have real and soul satisfying effects. And they just might have the power to help Cassie save her marriage, and give Sid the strength to get her life back on track.   But first, one of Cassie s infamous lapses in judgment comes back to bite her, and all of the letters wind up the one place you d never, ever want to see them: the Internet... ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
20.46 Dollars

