You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/kitchens-of-the-great-midwest_28/index.html

title:
Kitchens of the Great Midwest

availability:
In stock (1 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Fiction

description:
 A sweet and savory treat.    People An impressive feat of narrative jujitsu . . . that keeps readers turning the pages too fast to realize just how ingenious they are.   The New York Times Book Review, Editor s Pick Kitchens of the Great Midwest is a terrific reminder of what can be wrested from suffering and struggle  not only success, but also considerable irony, a fair am  A sweet and savory treat.    People An impressive feat of narrative jujitsu . . . that keeps readers turning the pages too fast to realize just how ingenious they are.   The New York Times Book Review, Editor s Pick Kitchens of the Great Midwest is a terrific reminder of what can be wrested from suffering and struggle  not only success, but also considerable irony, a fair amount of wisdom and a decent meal.   Jane Smiley, The GuardianAs seen on The Skimm:  Warning: this will make you hungry. . . . You won t be able to put it down. And it will up your kitchen game. Kitchens of the Great Midwest, about a young woman with a once in a generation palate who becomes the iconic chef behind the country s most coveted dinner reservation, is the summer s most hotly anticipated debut.   When Lars Thorvald s wife, Cynthia, falls in love with wine  and a dashing sommelier  he s left to raise their baby, Eva, on his own. He s determined to pass on his love of food to his daughter  starting with pureed pork shoulder. As Eva grows, she finds her solace and salvation in the flavors of her native Minnesota. From Scandinavian lutefisk to hydroponic chocolate habaneros, each ingredient represents one part of Eva s journey as she becomes the star chef behind a legendary and secretive pop up supper club, culminating in an opulent and emotional feast that s a testament to her spirit and resilience.   Each chapter in J. Ryan Stradal s startlingly original debut tells the story of a single dish and character, at once capturing the zeitgeist of the Midwest, the rise of foodie culture, and delving into the ways food creates community and a sense of identity. By turns quirky, hilarious, and vividly sensory, Kitchens of the Great Midwest is an unexpected mother daughter story about the bittersweet nature of life  its missed opportunities and its joyful surprises. It marks the entry of a brilliant new talent.From the Hardcover edition. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
57.20 Dollars

