url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/living-leadership-by-insight-a-good-leader-achieves-a-great-leader-builds-monuments_709/index.html

title:
Living Leadership by Insight: A Good Leader Achieves, a Great Leader Builds Monuments

availability:
In stock (14 available)

book_rating:
80/100

category:
Default

description:
Learning not shared is learning wasted. In my thirty-five years of experience in the oil and banking industries, including ascending levels of management and leadership responsibilities, I have gained what I believe to be valuable insight into many styles of leadership. Former President of the United States, Harry S. Truman, once said “It’s what you learn after you know it Learning not shared is learning wasted. In my thirty-five years of experience in the oil and banking industries, including ascending levels of management and leadership responsibilities, I have gained what I believe to be valuable insight into many styles of leadership. Former President of the United States, Harry S. Truman, once said “It’s what you learn after you know it all that really counts.” We must continue our education if we want to keep pace with progress. The learning process that begins with our parents and through the influence of others with whom we associate continues throughout life. The insight I have received into what is successful has been clearly revealed through years of experience. There have been failures and there have been successes and it has not been difficult to discern the reasons for either. Careful thought has led to the extraction of the traits and characteristics that provide a leader with the best chance of success and they are delineated in this book. We should all be teachers and mentors and strive to improve the lives of those with whom we become associated. Our legacy in life is to live on through the lives of those we have touched. This book will enlighten you about the successful strategies I have employed in a myriad of situations as a leader and manager. ...more

price:
46.91 Dollars

