url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/mexican-today-new-and-rediscovered-recipes-for-contemporary-kitchens_387/index.html

title:
Mexican Today: New and Rediscovered Recipes for Contemporary Kitchens

availability:
In stock (5 available)

book_rating:
100/100

category:
Food and Drink

description:
Intriguing recipes for everyday meals from the host of the PBS series Pati’s Mexican Table On her PBS TV series, now in its fifth season, as well as in frequent appearances on shows like The Chew, Pati Jinich, a busy mother of three, has shown a flair for making Mexican cooking irresistibly accessible. In Mexican Today, she shares easy, generous dishes, both traditional on Intriguing recipes for everyday meals from the host of the PBS series Pati’s Mexican Table On her PBS TV series, now in its fifth season, as well as in frequent appearances on shows like The Chew, Pati Jinich, a busy mother of three, has shown a flair for making Mexican cooking irresistibly accessible. In Mexican Today, she shares easy, generous dishes, both traditional ones and her own new spins. Some are regional recipes she has recovered from the past and updated, like Miners’ Enchiladas with fresh vegetables and cheese or Drunken Rice with Chicken and Chorizo, a specialty of the Yucatán. “Sweaty” Tacos with ripe tomatoes and cheese are so convenient they’re sold on Mexican streets by bicyclists. Her grandmother’s Cornflake Cookies feel just as contemporary now as they did then.  Pati has “Mexed up” other recipes in such family favorites as Mexican Pizza with Grilled Skirt Steak and Onions. Still other dishes show the evolution of Mexican food north and south of the border, including Mexican Dreamboat Hotdogs and Cal-Mex Fish Tacos with Creamy Slaw. This food will draw everyone together—a family at the end of a working day, a book club, or a neighborhood potluck.  Throughout, Pati is an infectious cheerleader, sharing stores of the food, people, and places behind the recipes. ...more

price:
24.91 Dollars

