You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/off-the-hook-fishing-for-trouble-1_601/index.html

title:
Off the Hook (Fishing for Trouble  1)

availability:
In stock (11 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Romance

description:
Welcome to The Buoys, a West Coast haven where love comes in with the tide. Perfect for readers of Jill Shalvis and Susan Mallery, the Fishing for Trouble series features three unforgettable brothers  each of whom is a great catch.Major league pitcher Liam O Donnell knows his best days are probably behind him, but that doesn t mean he s ready to retire and become a fishing Welcome to The Buoys, a West Coast haven where love comes in with the tide. Perfect for readers of Jill Shalvis and Susan Mallery, the Fishing for Trouble series features three unforgettable brothers  each of whom is a great catch.Major league pitcher Liam O Donnell knows his best days are probably behind him, but that doesn t mean he s ready to retire and become a fishing guide. Still, after all the time he s spent chasing his dreams, he owes it to his brothers to pull his weight around the lodge. The Buoys is their father s legacy, and they can t let some developer take it from them. The one snag Liam isn t counting on is a blast from the past: his ex wife.The moment Kate Hadley steps out of the seaplane, she knows this assignment is going to be trickier than she thought. She has to persuade the owners to sell  and one of them is Liam O Donnell. Ten years ago, she made the biggest mistake of her life when she married Liam during a fling in Vegas. Now he s her only lifeline in the middle of nowhere. Kate s trying to keep things cool, but Liam just reminds her of the scorching few nights they spent together  and tempts her to make new memories that are just as steamy as the old. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
47.67 Dollars

