You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/out-of-print-city-lights-spotlight-no-14_536/index.html

title:
Out of Print: City Lights Spotlight No. 14

availability:
In stock (8 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Poetry

description:
The third full length collectionby Julien Poirier, Out of Print is a truly bicoastal volume, reflecting the poet s years in New York as well as his return to his Bay Area roots. Consider it a meetinghouse between late New York School and contemporary California surrealism, a series of quips intercepted from America s underground poetry telegraph, or an absurdist mirror hel The third full length collection by Julien Poirier, Out of Print is a truly bicoastal volume, reflecting the poet s years in New York as well as his return to his Bay Area roots. Consider it a meetinghouse between late New York School and contemporary California surrealism, a series of quips intercepted from America s underground poetry telegraph, or an absurdist mirror held up to consumerist culture. Welcome Julien Poirier! What a distinct inspired voice. His work is abundant in surprise. His musical,often bonkers play of language is, for me, a source of delight   revelation.   David Meltzer Julien Poirier s poems calibrate the vernacular in a sublime mathematics of commonalities. The effect is that of feelings on the run, enunciated clearly. In a sudden down draught   You re wind, you melt on my tongue   he ll take the contemporary love poem into new stretches of believability while knowingly calling to account the failings that, whether perennial or merely topical, hem round ourselves to disastrous effect. For, no mistake, Out of Print means business: a forceful wake up call, allowing as how for this old world the time for meaningful action may well have run out and we ve joined the fabled damned, lost but for such eloquence, affection, and mad, mad laughter in Hell s despite.   Bill Berkson Out of Print s unexpectedly a love poem, its humor sharpening into dissonant pleasure. And what a pleasure! Julien Poirier s weirdly direct and directly weird poems notice what an event is, whether it s four square monks in a Coupe de Ville or becoming the Invisible Hand, and render that event into a sensual and searching landscape. You are really there, no where, but there, in poetry as a means to think differently, and maybe, absurdly, hope.   Karen WeiserJulien Poirier is the co founder of Ugly Duckling Presse. He has taught poetry in New York City and San Francisco public schools and at San Quentin State Prison. Previous books include Way Too West (2015) and El Golpe Chileno (2010). ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
53.64 Dollars

