You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/princess-jellyfish-2-in-1-omnibus-vol-01-princess-jellyfish-2-in-1-omnibus-1_920/index.html

title:
Princess Jellyfish 2 in 1 Omnibus, Vol. 01 (Princess Jellyfish 2 in 1 Omnibus  1)

availability:
In stock (16 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Sequential Art

description:
THE LONG AWAITED STORY OF FANGIRLS TAKING ON TOKYO!Special large size 2 in 1 edition of over 400 pages! One of the best anime and manga for beginners. Enthusiasm   geeky and otherwise   is power in Princess Jellyfish. Enthusiasm saves the day and paves the road to the future.    Kotaku Princess Jellyfish s ambition is simple: to tell a delightful story in a delightful way. THE LONG AWAITED STORY OF FANGIRLS TAKING ON TOKYO!Special large size 2 in 1 edition of over 400 pages! One of the best anime and manga for beginners. Enthusiasm   geeky and otherwise   is power in Princess Jellyfish. Enthusiasm saves the day and paves the road to the future.    Kotaku Princess Jellyfish s ambition is simple: to tell a delightful story in a delightful way... It s a pretty deadly one two punch.    Anime News Network Loaded with heart, soul, humor and insight.    About.comSTINGING BEAUTY Tsukimi Kurashita has a strange fascination with jellyfish. She s loved them from a young age and has carried that love with her to her new life in the big city of Tokyo. There, she resides in Amamizukan, a safe haven for girl geeks who regularly gush over a range of things from trains to Japanese dolls. However, a chance meeting at a pet shop has Tsukimi crossing paths with one of the things that the residents of Amamizukan have been desperately trying to avoid  a beautiful and fashionable woman! But there s much more to this woman than her trendy clothes! This odd encounter is only the beginning of a new and unexpected path for Tsukimi and her friends. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
13.61 Dollars

