url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/raspberry-pi-electronics-projects-for-the-evil-genius_630/index.html

title:
Raspberry Pi Electronics Projects for the Evil Genius

availability:
In stock (12 available)

book_rating:
80/100

category:
Default

description:
10 brand new DIY projects for your Raspberry Pi!This fully illustrated TAB guide shows how to construct and program all kinds of fun and innovative gadgets with your Raspberry Pi. "Raspberry Pi Electronics Projects for the Evil Genius" features 10 complete projects that showcase cool RasPi applications in computing, communications, robotics, photography, and video. Each in 10 brand new DIY projects for your Raspberry Pi!This fully illustrated TAB guide shows how to construct and program all kinds of fun and innovative gadgets with your Raspberry Pi. "Raspberry Pi Electronics Projects for the Evil Genius" features 10 complete projects that showcase cool RasPi applications in computing, communications, robotics, photography, and video. Each inexpensive Evil Genius project includes a detailed list of materials, sources for parts, schematics, and clear, step-by-step assembly and programming instructions. This entertaining, easy-to-follow book gets you up-and-running quickly on C, Java, and Python, and covers "all" RasPi versions, including the latest A+, B+, and B model 2 units.Learn how to: . Explore the capabilities and features of your Raspberry Pi. Display scrolling text and graphics on an RGB LED matrix screen. Handle RasPi-to-RasPi communications using MQTT. Incorporate interesting software defined radio (SDR) features. Build your own super computer from eight RasPi model B+s. Make a robotic car from Legos and control it with your RasPi. Configure the RasPi to control a basic robotic arm through the I2C bus. Assemble and program complex 3DOF and 6DOF robotic arms. Construct a hi-res point-and-shoot and a digital single lens reflex (DSLR) camera. Engineer a complete infrared video surveillance system using the Pi Noir camera" ...more

price:
49.67 Dollars

