You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/secrets-and-lace-fatal-hearts-1_829/index.html

title:
Secrets and Lace (Fatal Hearts  1)

availability:
In stock (15 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
20/100

category:
Default

description:
  WARNING: Due to sexual situations and adult content, this dark romance thriller series is not intended for readers under the age of 18, and anyone who is unable to read books containing, kidnapping, murder, rape, and extreme abuse.    Chloe Parker has the world at her feet. Her career in magazine publishing is flourishing, and she s about to be married to Miles Durant, a   WARNING: Due to sexual situations and adult content, this dark romance thriller series is not intended for readers under the age of 18, and anyone who is unable to read books containing, kidnapping, murder, rape, and extreme abuse.    Chloe Parker has the world at her feet. Her career in magazine publishing is flourishing, and she s about to be married to Miles Durant, a gorgeous billionaire, and the man of her dreams. But one month before her wedding, she receives a countdown card. No sender. No return address. No message. Only a piece of lace stained with blood. As the wedding gets closer the cards keep coming to her every day without fail. It seems, while she s counting down to the happiest day of her life, someone is doing a countdown of their own. Chloe fears she s in danger, but she can t turn to the cops for help. There s something in her past she wants to remain hidden, a dark secret that could destroy the life of her dreams. To make things worse, Miles is becoming increasingly impatient and suspicious about her past, to the point where he s so angry he becomes a man she doesn t recognize. While working to keep her relationship intact, Chloe must find out who wants to hurt her before she loses everything, or ends up dead. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
20.27 Dollars

