You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/soft-apocalypse_833/index.html

title:
Soft Apocalypse

availability:
In stock (15 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
40/100

category:
Science Fiction

description:
What happens when resources become scarce and society starts to crumble? As the competition for resources pulls America s previously stable society apart, the  New Normal  is a Soft Apocalypse. This is how our world ends; with a whimper instead of a bang. New social structures and tribal connections spring up across America, as the previous social structures begin to disso What happens when resources become scarce and society starts to crumble? As the competition for resources pulls America s previously stable society apart, the  New Normal  is a Soft Apocalypse. This is how our world ends; with a whimper instead of a bang. New social structures and tribal connections spring up across America, as the previous social structures begin to dissolve. Locus Award finalist and John W. Campbell Memorial Award finalist Soft Apocalypse follows the journey across the Southeast of a tribe of formerly middle class Americans as they struggle to find a place for themselves and their children in a new, dangerous world that still carries the ghostly echoes of their previous lives.Skyhorse Publishing, under our Night Shade and Talos imprints, is proud to publish a broad range of titles for readers interested in science fiction (space opera, time travel, hard SF, alien invasion, near future dystopia), fantasy (grimdark, sword and sorcery, contemporary urban fantasy, steampunk, alternative history), and horror (zombies, vampires, and the occult and supernatural), and much more. While not every title we publish becomes a New York Times bestseller, a national bestseller, or a Hugo or Nebula award winner, we are committed to publishing quality books from a diverse group of authors. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
26.12 Dollars

