You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-hook-up-game-on-1_68/index.html

title:
The Hook Up (Game On  1)

availability:
In stock (1 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
New Adult

description:
The rules: no kissing on the mouth, no staying the night, no telling anyone, and above all... No falling in love.Anna Jones just wants to finish college and figure out her life. Falling for star quarterback Drew Baylor is certainly not on her to do list. Confident and charming, he lives in the limelight and is way too gorgeous for his own good. If only she could ignore his h The rules: no kissing on the mouth, no staying the night, no telling anyone, and above all... No falling in love.Anna Jones just wants to finish college and figure out her life. Falling for star quarterback Drew Baylor is certainly not on her to do list. Confident and charming, he lives in the limelight and is way too gorgeous for his own good. If only she could ignore his heated stares and stop thinking about doing hot and dirty things with him. Easy right?Too bad he s committed to making her break every rule...Football has been good to Drew. It s given him recognition, two National Championships, and the Heisman. But what he really craves is sexy yet prickly Anna Jones. Her cutting humor and blatant disregard for his fame turns him on like nothing else. But there s one problem: she s shut him down. Completely.That is until a chance encounter leads to the hottest sex of their lives, along with the possibility of something great. Unfortunately, Anna wants it to remain a hook up. Now it s up to Drew to tempt her with more: more sex, more satisfaction, more time with him. Until she s truly hooked. It s a good thing Drew knows all about winning.All s fair in love and football...Game on. New Adult/Contemporary Romance with a HEA   Recommended for readers 17 and older. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
36.29 Dollars

