url:
https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-help-yourself-cookbook-for-kids-60-easy-plant-based-recipes-kids-can-make-to-stay-healthy-and-save-the-earth_751/index.html

title:
The Help Yourself Cookbook for Kids: 60 Easy Plant-Based Recipes Kids Can Make to Stay Healthy and Save the Earth

availability:
In stock (14 available)

book_rating:
60/100

category:
Food and Drink

description:
Struggling to get your kids to eat their fruits and vegetables? Try letting them help themselves!Experts tell us the best way to teach kids healthy eating habits is to involve them in the process. This irresistibe cookbook presents 60 appealing recipes kids will beg to make themselves, in fun and charming illustrations they will love. Bursting with color, humor, cute anima Struggling to get your kids to eat their fruits and vegetables? Try letting them help themselves!Experts tell us the best way to teach kids healthy eating habits is to involve them in the process. This irresistibe cookbook presents 60 appealing recipes kids will beg to make themselves, in fun and charming illustrations they will love. Bursting with color, humor, cute animal characters, and cool facts (Did you know your brain actually shrinks when you’re dehydrated? Drink water, quick!), Help Yourself empowers children to take charge of their own nutrition — for now and for life! Recipes include: fun-to-munch hand-held snacks like Life Boatsbright fruit-flavored drinks like Tickled Pinkthe always-popular things on toast like Leprechaun Trackssalads they will actually eat like Tiger Stripescozy small meals like Tomato Tornadoand sweets like chocolatey Disappearing Dots, because everybody likes candy!Excerpt from the Intro: Since the day you were born, someone has been making you food and serving you meals (that’s the life!). But wait a minute...what’s that on the end of your arm? Why, it’s a hand! And it turns out you need little more than your own two hands and a few ingredients to help yourself to healthy foods...and help the world, while you’re at it! Because from the tip of your nose to the tip of an iceberg, the food we eat affects our bodies, our environment, and even strangers on the other side of the planet. It's amazing but true. ...more

price:
28.77 Dollars

