You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-day-the-crayons-came-home-crayons_241/index.html

title:
The Day the Crayons Came Home (Crayons)

availability:
In stock (3 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Childrens

description:
The companion to the  1 blockbuster bestseller, The Day the Crayons Quit! I m not sure what it is about this kid Duncan, but his crayons sure are a colorful bunch of characters! Having soothed the hurt feelings of one group who threatened to quit, Duncan now faces a whole new group of crayons asking to be rescued. From Maroon Crayon, who was lost beneath the sofa cushions The companion to the  1 blockbuster bestseller, The Day the Crayons Quit! I m not sure what it is about this kid Duncan, but his crayons sure are a colorful bunch of characters! Having soothed the hurt feelings of one group who threatened to quit, Duncan now faces a whole new group of crayons asking to be rescued. From Maroon Crayon, who was lost beneath the sofa cushions and then broken in two after Dad sat on him; to poor Turquoise, whose head is now stuck to one of Duncan s stinky socks after they both ended up in the dryer together; to Pea Green, who knows darn well that no kid likes peas and who ran away  each and every crayon has a woeful tale to tell and a plea to be brought home to the crayon box. Drew Daywalt and Oliver Jeffers have combined to create a companion book every bit as funny and kid friendly as the  1 bestselling The Day the Crayons Quit.Praise for The Day the Crayons Quit The  1 New York Times bestselling phenomenon    over 80 weeks on the bestseller list!Winner of the E.B. White Read Aloud Award Amazon s 2013 Best Picture Book of the Year A Barnes   Noble Best Book of 2013 Goodreads  2013 Best Picture Book of the Year     Hilarious . . . Move over, Click, Clack, Moo; we ve got a new contender for the most successful picture book strike.   BCCB, starred review   Jeffers . . . elevates crayon drawing to remarkable heights.   Booklist  Fresh and funny.   The Wall Street Journal  This book will have children asking to have it read again and again.   Library Media Connection    This colorful title should make for an uproarious storytime.   School Library Journal, starred review     These memorable personalities will leave readers glancing apprehensively at their own crayon boxes.   Publishers Weekly, starred review   Utterly original.   San Francisco Chronicle ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
26.33 Dollars

