You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-nanny-diaries-nanny-1_265/index.html

title:
The Nanny Diaries (Nanny  1)

availability:
In stock (3 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Womens Fiction

description:
Wanted: One young woman to take care of four year old boy. Must be cheerful, enthusiastic and selfless  bordering on masochistic. Must relish sixteen hour shifts with a deliberately nap deprived preschooler. Must love getting thrown up on, literally and figuratively, by everyone in his family. Must enjoy the delicious anticipation of ridiculously erratic pay. Mostly, must Wanted: One young woman to take care of four year old boy. Must be cheerful, enthusiastic and selfless  bordering on masochistic. Must relish sixteen hour shifts with a deliberately nap deprived preschooler. Must love getting thrown up on, literally and figuratively, by everyone in his family. Must enjoy the delicious anticipation of ridiculously erratic pay. Mostly, must love being treated like fungus found growing out of employers Hermes bag. Those who take it personally need not apply.Who wouldn t want this job? Struggling to graduate from NYU and afford her microscopic studio apartment, Nanny takes a position caring for the only son of the wealthy X family. She rapidly learns the insane amount of juggling involved to ensure that a Park Avenue wife who doesn t work, cook, clean, or raise her own child has a smooth day.When the Xs  marriage begins to disintegrate, Nanny ends up involved way beyond the bounds of human decency or good taste. Her tenure with the X family becomes a nearly impossible mission to maintain the mental health of their four year old, her own integrity and, most importantly, her sense of humor. Over nine tense months, Mrs. X and Nanny perform the age old dance of decorum and power as they test the limits of modern day servitude.Written by two former nannies, The Nanny Diaries deftly punctures the glamour of Manhattan s upper class. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
52.53 Dollars

