You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-lonely-city-adventures-in-the-art-of-being-alone_639/index.html

title:
The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone

availability:
In stock (12 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
40/100

category:
Nonfiction

description:
An expertly crafted work of reportage, memoir and biography on the subject of loneliness told through the lives of iconic artists, by the acclaimed author of The Trip to Echo Spring What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we re not intimately engaged with another human being? How do we connect with other people? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us An expertly crafted work of reportage, memoir and biography on the subject of loneliness told through the lives of iconic artists, by the acclaimed author of The Trip to Echo Spring What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we re not intimately engaged with another human being? How do we connect with other people? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens?When Olivia Laing moved to New York City in her mid thirties, she found herself inhabiting loneliness on a daily basis. Increasingly fascinated by this most shameful of experiences, she began to explore the lonely city by way of art. Moving fluidly between works and lives   from Edward Hopper s Nighthawks to Andy Warhol s Time Capsules, from Henry Darger s hoarding to the depredations of the AIDS crisis   Laing conducts an electric, dazzling investigation into what it means to be alone, illuminating not only the causes of loneliness but also how it might be resisted and redeemed.Humane, provocative and deeply moving, The Lonely City is about the spaces between people and the things that draw them together, about sexuality, mortality and the magical possibilities of art. It s a celebration of a strange and lovely state, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but intrinsic to the very act of being alive. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
33.26 Dollars

