You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-secret-of-dreadwillow-carse_944/index.html

title:
The Secret of Dreadwillow Carse

availability:
In stock (16 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
20/100

category:
Childrens

description:
A princess and a peasant girl must embark on a dangerous quest to outwit a centuries old warning foretelling the fall of the Monarchy in this modern fairytale. In the center of the verdant Monarchy lies Dreadwillow Carse, a black and desolate bog that the happy people of the land do their best to ignore. Little is known about it, except for one dire warning: If any monarc A princess and a peasant girl must embark on a dangerous quest to outwit a centuries old warning foretelling the fall of the Monarchy in this modern fairytale.   In the center of the verdant Monarchy lies Dreadwillow Carse, a black and desolate bog that the happy people of the land do their best to ignore. Little is known about it, except for one dire warning: If any monarch enters Dreadwillow Carse, then the Monarchy will fall. Twelve year old Princess Jeniah yearns to know what the marsh could possibly conceal that might topple her family s thousand year reign of peace and prosperity. Meanwhile, in the nearby town of Emberfell, where everyone lives with unending joy, a girl named Aon hides a sorrow she can never reveal. She knows that something in the carse  something that sings a haunting tune only Aon can hear  holds the cure for her sadness. Yet no matter how many times she tries to enter, the terror inducing dreadwillow trees keep her away. After a chance meeting, Princess Jeniah and Aon hatch a plan to send Aon into the heart of the carse to unlock its darkest secret. But when Aon doesn t return, a guilt stricken Jeniah must enter the carse to try and rescue her friend  even if it means risking the entire Monarchy. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
56.13 Dollars

