You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-bulletproof-diet-lose-up-to-a-pound-a-day-reclaim-energy-and-focus-upgrade-your-life_931/index.html

title:
The Bulletproof Diet: Lose up to a Pound a Day, Reclaim Energy and Focus, Upgrade Your Life

availability:
In stock (16 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Health

description:
In his midtwenties, Dave Asprey was a successful Silicon Valley multimillionaire. He also weighed 300 pounds, despite the fact that he was doing what doctors recommended: eating 1,800 calories a day and working out 90 minutes a day, six times a week. When his excess fat started causing brain fog and food cravings sapped his energy and willpower, Asprey turned to the same h In his midtwenties, Dave Asprey was a successful Silicon Valley multimillionaire. He also weighed 300 pounds, despite the fact that he was doing what doctors recommended: eating 1,800 calories a day and working out 90 minutes a day, six times a week. When his excess fat started causing brain fog and food cravings sapped his energy and willpower, Asprey turned to the same hacking techniques that made his fortune to  hack  his own biology, investing more than  300,000 and 15 years to uncover what was hindering his energy, performance, appearance, and happiness. From private brain EEG facilities to remote monasteries in Tibet, through radioactive brain scans, blood chemistry work, nervous system testing, and more, he explored traditional and alternative technologies to reach his physical and mental prime. The result? The Bulletproof Diet, an anti inflammatory program for hunger free, rapid weight loss and peak performance. The Bulletproof Diet will challenge  and change  the way you think about weight loss and wellness. You will skip breakfast, stop counting calories, eat high levels of healthy saturated fat, work out and sleep less, and add smart supplements.In doing so, you ll gain energy, build lean muscle, and watch the pounds melt off. By ditching traditional  diet  thinking, Asprey went from being overweight and sick in his twenties to maintaining a 100 pound weight loss, increasing his IQ, and feeling better than ever in his forties. The Bulletproof Diet is your blueprint to a better life. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
49.05 Dollars

