You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-murder-that-never-was-forensic-instincts-5_939/index.html

title:
The Murder That Never Was (Forensic Instincts  5)

availability:
In stock (16 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Fiction

description:
Given the opportunity, would you assume someone else s identity and leave your old life behind? A serendipitous crossing of paths between Lisa Barnes, a down on her luck job seeker, and Julie Forman, a personal trainer to an Olympic hopeful, forever changes the course of both women s lives. One winds up dead and the other finds herself a fugitive, hiding behind one lie aft Given the opportunity, would you assume someone else s identity and leave your old life behind? A serendipitous crossing of paths between Lisa Barnes, a down on her luck job seeker, and Julie Forman, a personal trainer to an Olympic hopeful, forever changes the course of both women s lives. One winds up dead and the other finds herself a fugitive, hiding behind one lie after another as a cold blooded killer methodically hunts her. Desperately trying to stay alive, the terrified woman enlists the help of Forensic Instincts, a rogue investigative team that clandestinely operates in the gray area between legal and illegal. Safeguarding their client s deception, Forensic Instincts digs into dangerous territory as they try to find out who s after their client and why. Meanwhile, bodies are piling up in Chicago, New Jersey, and Vermont as a megalomaniacal genius will stop at nothing to eradicate anyone who threatens the success of his medical breakthrough. With an unhinged client and a monstrous criminal enterprise as its adversary, Forensic Instincts is forced into uncharted territory to protect their client and save one of their own from becoming the next corpse. Forensic Instincts is an unorthodox, criminal investigative team that carefully navigates the fine line between legal and illegal. The team consists of a behaviorist, a former Navy SEAL, a techo wiz, an intuitive, a pickpocket, a retired FBI agent, and a human scent evidence dog.  ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
54.11 Dollars

