You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-girl-you-lost_66/index.html

title:
The Girl You Lost

availability:
In stock (1 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
100/100

category:
Mystery

description:
Eighteen years ago your baby daughter was snatched. Today, she came back. A sinister and darkly compelling psychological thriller from the No.1 bestselling author of The Girl With No Past. Eighteen years ago, Simone Porter s six month old daughter, Helena, was abducted. Simone and husband, Matt, have slowly rebuilt their shattered lives, but the pain at losing their child Eighteen years ago your baby daughter was snatched. Today, she came back. A sinister and darkly compelling psychological thriller from the No.1 bestselling author of The Girl With No Past. Eighteen years ago, Simone Porter s six month old daughter, Helena, was abducted. Simone and husband, Matt, have slowly rebuilt their shattered lives, but the pain at losing their child has never left them. Then a young woman, Grace, appears out of the blue and tells Simone she has information about her stolen baby. But just who is Grace   and can Simone trust her? When Grace herself disappears, Simone becomes embroiled in a desperate search for her daughter and the woman who has vital clues about her whereabouts. Simone is inching closer to the truth but it ll take her into dangerous and disturbing territory. Simone lost her baby. Will she lose her life trying to find her? Read what people are saying about the Number One Bestseller, The Girl With No Past:  I read this in a day and found myself totally engaged with the plot. Kathryn Croft has pulled off a very accessible mystery, that exceeded my expectations and shows her talent. The ending was just right! Worth a read if you fancy a well paced mystery, on these dark autumnal nights.  Northern Crime  Kept the tension and mystery going right until the end ... An intense read that keeps you turning page after page.  Crime Book Club  Wow! This book grabbed me from the very beginning! ... To say this book is a page turner would be an understatement!  Chat About Books  It kept me up all night and cost me my beauty sleep! I will get it out of the way immediately and tell you that this is one of the best thrillers I have read this year and it is fully deserving of my 5 star rating.  Books Are Man s Other Best Friend  BLIMEY. This book is GRIPPY   I sat and read it over the course of a day and a night, purely because I couldn t put it down.  Reading Room with a View  The reader is kept guessing until the end. It s perfection for a thriller and the author does amazingly to keep our intrigue.  Chic Toronto  Gripping, a real page turner... Excellent plot, and gripping stuff, that keeps the reader guessing until the end ... raced to the end to find out what was happening and how it would all end ... what a storyteller Kathryn Croft is!  Emma s Book Reviews  The concept of this book, and the story itself is phenomenal   honestly one of the best i have read, it really does outshine all other thrillers i have read.  Afternoon Bookery  I really enjoyed this from start to finish. It s one of these books where you just HAVE to read JUST a couple more pages to see what is going to happen next. The author is very good at building suspense and revealing details bit by bit. It was totally unpredictable and had some very good twists. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
12.29 Dollars

