You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-psychopath-test-a-journey-through-the-madness-industry_857/index.html

title:
The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry

availability:
In stock (15 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
40/100

category:
Default

description:
They say one out of every hundred people is a psychopath. You probably passed one on the street today. These are people who have no empathy, who are manipulative, deceitful, charming, seductive, and delusional. The Psychopath Test is the New York Times bestselling exploration of their world and the madness industry.When Jon Ronson is drawn into an elaborate hoax played on They say one out of every hundred people is a psychopath. You probably passed one on the street today. These are people who have no empathy, who are manipulative, deceitful, charming, seductive, and delusional. The Psychopath Test is the New York Times bestselling exploration of their world and the madness industry.When Jon Ronson is drawn into an elaborate hoax played on some of the world s top scientists, his investigation leads him, unexpectedly, to psychopaths. He meets an influential psychologist who is convinced that many important business leaders and politicians are in fact high flying, high functioning psychopaths, and teaches Ronson how to spot them. Armed with these new abilities, Ronson meets a patient inside an asylum for the criminally insane who insists that he s sane, a mere run of the mill troubled youth, not a psychopath  a claim that might be only manipulation, and a sign of his psychopathy. He spends time with a death squad leader institutionalized for mortgage fraud, and with a legendary CEO who took joy in shutting down factories and firing people. He delves into the fascinating history of psychopathy diagnosis and treatments, from LSD fueled days long naked therapy sessions in prisons to attempts to understand serial killers.Along the way, Ronson discovers that relatively ordinary people are, more and more, defined by their most insane edges. The Psychopath Test is a fascinating adventure through the minds of madness. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
36.00 Dollars

