You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-silent-twin-detective-jennifer-knight-3_82/index.html

title:
The Silent Twin (Detective Jennifer Knight  3)

availability:
In stock (1 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Fantasy

description:
I m alone in the dark, please can you find me ...Nine year old twins Abigail and Olivia vow never to be parted. But when Abigail goes missing from Blackwater Farm, DC Jennifer Knight must find her before it s too late. Twin sister Olivia has been mute since Abigail s disappearance. But when she whispers in Jennifer s ear, Jennifer realises it is Abigail s voice pleading to b I m alone in the dark, please can you find me ...Nine year old twins Abigail and Olivia vow never to be parted. But when Abigail goes missing from Blackwater Farm, DC Jennifer Knight must find her before it s too late. Twin sister Olivia has been mute since Abigail s disappearance. But when she whispers in Jennifer s ear, Jennifer realises it is Abigail s voice pleading to be found. A damp and decaying house set in acres of desolate scrubland, the farm is a place of secrets, old and new   and Jennifer must unravel them all in order to find the lost girl. But could Olivia s bond with her twin hold the key to finding Abigail? And can Jennifer break through her silence in time to save her sister s life? A darkly gripping, page turning thriller that will enthrall fans of Rachel Abbott, Alex Marwood s The Wicked Girls and Mark Edwards. Praise for Caroline Mitchell: Fan bloody tastic! I enjoyed this book so much that I forced myself to read slowly as I just could not bear for it to end... I thought the story was brilliant. The characters were creative and kept me hooked.  The twists and turns kept me gasping for more... Could not recommend this book any more highly!  Crime Book Junkie  This is a well written supernatural detective story, with a surprising twist that I guarantee will keep you glued to the last page... at times I couldn t turn the pages quickly enough, it s atmospheric, gritty and at times just plain scary, and what a twist at the end.  The Book Review Cafe  With a brilliant cast of crime characters, and a plot that was enough to make me feel dizzy, this was a compelling book that I just couldn t get enough of. Every word, every page, every murder, every guess... I couldn t wait for the final piece of the jigsaw to fit into place... the word  thrilling  just doesn t do this justice.  Becca s Books ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
36.25 Dollars

