You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-pioneer-woman-cooks-dinnertime-comfort-classics-freezer-food-16-minute-meals-and-other-delicious-ways-to-solve-supper_943/index.html

title:
The Pioneer Woman Cooks: Dinnertime: Comfort Classics, Freezer Food, 16 Minute Meals, and Other Delicious Ways to Solve Supper!

availability:
In stock (16 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
20/100

category:
Food and Drink

description:
THERE S NO TIME LIKE DINNERTIME!Oh, don t get me wrong. I adore breakfast. I love lunch! But dinnertime definitely tops them all. It s the time of day when we reunite with our sweeties, our kids, our friends, our parents . . . and catch up on the events of the day over something mouthwatering and delicious. Dinnertime anchors us, nourishes us, and reassures us. It s the gr THERE S NO TIME LIKE DINNERTIME!Oh, don t get me wrong. I adore breakfast. I love lunch! But dinnertime definitely tops them all. It s the time of day when we reunite with our sweeties, our kids, our friends, our parents . . . and catch up on the events of the day over something mouthwatering and delicious. Dinnertime anchors us, nourishes us, and reassures us. It s the greatest meal of the day! The Pioneer Woman Cooks: Dinnertime is a beloved collection of all the scrumptious supper recipes that make their way through my kitchen in regular rotation, from main dish salads to satisfying soups to hearty casseroles to comfort food classics . . . and everything in between. I lay out all the different ways I tackle dinner in my house, from super quick 16 Minute Meals to make ahead Freezer Food to irresistible pastas and a bundle of brand new favorites of my crew.You ll want to immediately dive into surefire hits like Tomato Soup with Parmesan Croutons, Buffalo Chicken Salad, Baked Ziti, and Shrimp Scampi. But just wait till you try the Cashew Chicken, French Dip Sandwiches, Chicken Marsala, and Beef Stroganoff. And don t even get me started on the Tomato Tart, Chicken with Mustard Cream Sauce, and Pan Fried Pork Chops. You ll have a very tough time deciding on a favorite!To take away the guesswork, I made sure to include all the step by step recipe photos I love to share, and I packed as much deliciousness into each chapter as possible. My hope is that you will turn to this book regularly to solve your dinnertime dilemmas, and that you will use these recipes to feed your family time and time again. The more stains, smudges, and smears on the pages, the better!Enjoy dinnertime in your household, friends! ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
56.41 Dollars

