You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/the-lean-startup-how-todays-entrepreneurs-use-continuous-innovation-to-create-radically-successful-businesses_260/index.html

title:
The Lean Startup: How Today s Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses

availability:
In stock (3 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
60/100

category:
Business

description:
Most startups fail. But many of those failures are preventable. The Lean Startup is a new approach being adopted across the globe, changing the way companies are built and new products are launched. Eric Ries defines a startup asan organization dedicated to creating something new under conditions of extreme uncertainty. This is just as true for one person in a garage or a Most startups fail. But many of those failures are preventable.  The Lean Startup is a new approach being adopted across the globe, changing the way companies are built and new products are launched. Eric Ries defines a startup as an organization dedicated to creating something new under conditions of extreme uncertainty. This is just as true for one person in a garage or a group of seasoned professionals in a Fortune 500 boardroom. What they have in common is a mission to penetrate that fog of uncertainty to discover a successful path to a sustainable business. The Lean Startup approach fosters companies that are both more capital efficient and that leverage human creativity more effectively.  Inspired by lessons from lean manufacturing, it relies on  validated learning,  rapid scientific experimentation, as well as a number of counter intuitive practices that shorten product development cycles, measure actual progress without resorting to vanity metrics, and learn what customers really want. It enables a company to shift directions with agility, altering plans inch by inch, minute by minute. Rather than wasting time creating elaborate business plans, The Lean Startup offers entrepreneurs   in companies of all sizes   a way to test their vision continuously, to adapt and adjust before it s too late. Ries provides a scientific approach to creating and managing successful startups in a age when companies need to innovate more than ever. ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
33.92 Dollars

