You can purchase the book at the following url address:
url_adress: https://books.toscrape.com/catalogue/vagabonding-an-uncommon-guide-to-the-art-of-long-term-world-travel_552/index.html

title:
Vagabonding: An Uncommon Guide to the Art of Long Term World Travel

availability:
In stock (8 available)

Below is the average score given to the book by other readers:
40/100

category:
Travel

description:
With a new foreword by Tim Ferriss  There s nothing like vagabonding: taking time off from your normal life  from six weeks to four months to two years  to discover and experience the world on your own terms. In this one of a kind handbook, veteran travel writer Rolf Potts explains how anyone armed with an independent spirit can achieve the dream of extended overseas travel. With a new foreword by Tim Ferriss   There s nothing like vagabonding: taking time off from your normal life  from six weeks to four months to two years  to discover and experience the world on your own terms. In this one of a kind handbook, veteran travel writer Rolf Potts explains how anyone armed with an independent spirit can achieve the dream of extended overseas travel. Now completely revised and updated, Vagabonding is an accessible and inspiring guide to     financing your travel time   determining your destination   adjusting to life on the road   working and volunteering overseas   handling travel adversity   re assimilating back into ordinary life  Praise for Vagabonding   A crucial reference for any budget wanderer.   Time   Vagabonding easily remains in my top 10 list of life changing books. Why? Because one incredible trip, especially a long term trip, can change your life forever. And Vagabonding teaches you how to travel (and think), not just for one trip, but for the rest of your life.   Tim Ferriss, from the foreword    The book is a meditation on the joys of hitting the road. . . . It s also a primer for those with a case of pent up wanderlust seeking to live the dream.   USA Today    I couldn t put this book down. It s a whole different ethic of travel. . . .  Potts s  practical advice might just convince you to enjoy that open ended trip of a lifetime.   Rick Steves    Potts wants us to wander, to explore, to embrace the unknown, and, finally, to take our own damn time about it. I think this is the most sensible book of travel related advice ever written.   Tim Cahill, founding editor of Outside ...more

Below is the retail price of the book on the library's website:
36.94 Dollars

